@introduction@
/!\ Sample Text /!\

These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.

You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.
@Intellectual property@
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Company Name and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.

You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
@Restrictions@
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:

- publishing any Website material in any other media;
- selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
- publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
- using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
- using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
- using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
- engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
- using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.

Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and Company Name may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
@Warranty and limitation of liability@
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and Company Name express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.

In no event shall Company Name, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract.  Company Name, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.

We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
@Contact@
Should you have any further questions, concerns, or queries about these Terms and Conditions, or if you encounter difficulties while navigating and using the site, please contact xxx@yyy.com. 








